Congratulations on finishing the data analysts nanodegree program.
You know how a strong foundation in using Python and statistics for your data analysis,
data wrangling, and building beautiful data visualizations.
These skills are all essential to making data-driven decisions.
Whether you'll be using your new skills to take your business to a new level,
or in a promotion or just show off to your friends,
we applaud you on completing this program.
The portfolio of projects that you created is
a testament to your growing skills as a data analyst.
This was a challenging journey and you overcame
every obstacle with your persistence and drive.
We're very pleased to see you here at the end.
You should be incredibly proud of your accomplishments.
Once again, congratulations.